Subtitles and audio translation will begin later. Please wait for the official start of the video.
Hey, good evening, family. It's almost morning time in Central time.
We're running really late here, but we're going to get right to it. We're going to pray.
There's things that the Lord has shown us that are showing up in the news, and it's amazing.
I believe what the Lord shows us will prove to be accurate in the days ahead.
Some of it we can stop; some we can't. That's not a cop-out; it's the truth. The Lord said, "Raise up a million men and women army.
In doing so, there are some things you can stop and there are some things you will not."Some things will show up and it will be a catastrophic event.
Some things are going to be mass events that go off with governments and wars and rumors of wars.
We're seeing it all. But I want to show you something that the Lord gave us a word about back—what was it?
I don't know what you're talking about. You can just play it.
Yeah, go ahead. Let's look at Turkey today. What's Turkey doing?
Last night we saw Turkey, and I said before all this happened—this happened today, less than 12 hours later—Turkey's on and saying exactly what we saw last night.
If you didn't watch last night's video after I got out of the dry and pushed through, it was probably late.
We prayed until almost 1:00 last night; a three-hour video.
And we pushed through, and when I got on the other side, I could see a lot.
I give all the glory to God for that because of what he was showing us about wars and Turkey rising up with Syria and what Turkey's about to do to retaliate with Russia in the days ahead.
If we go back here in just a second, we're going to watch what Turkey said.
Like I said, less than 12 hours later, the leader of Turkey came on and basically was saying exactly what we were hearing in the spirit. So I want you to hear what he says right now. Okay.
Netanyahu and his criminal networks'attacks on Syria and Lebanon have reached the point where they threaten not only these brotherly countries but also Turkey.
We will not tolerate any attacks by our brothers against our brothers.
Now these people and their henchmen are coming out making threats here and there targeting Turkey.
You don't need to say this. We already know your intentions, your aims, and your goals very well.
We see very clearly what you are pursuing. We are all aware of the ultimate goal of the promised land of delusion.
With God's permission, we will never allow this. Okay, so go ahead.
March 14th, I saw an alliance with Turkey and Syria in the days ahead that will be like a brother coming to their aid as Israel strikes Syria.
I saw them like, "Hey, you're not going to do that."They were coming to the defense of Syria.
I saw certain strikes coming against Iran, but they were not as defensive over Iran as they were Syria.
I thought that was interesting. It was like they were treating Iran as an unwanted stepchild.
Like, "Don't do that,"but it's not like they were with Syria.
I saw Turkey really coming to the defense of Syria in the days ahead.
So I saw an uprising of Putin and Xi Jinping and North Korea and these other nations coming against what they want to do with the United States currency.
I was shown by the Spirit of God Turkey rising up, and I saw drums beating—these massive war drums in the Black Sea.
And I saw the man—is it the president? I saw he put on a Count Dracula cape.
And as he put on this Count Dracula cape, he put a massive collar up with a brooch that went down with a white shirt, and he looked like one of those old Dracula movies.
His hair looked slicked back. Braden made it with AI; you can see that's what he did. But he looked toward the west.
And as he was looking toward the west, he was looking at the waterway there to get into the Ukraine area and all of southern Europe.
He was eyeing it. Then I heard him having a meeting with Vladimir Putin.
I could hear the meeting and they were discussing how they were done playing the cat and mouse game, and I heard unconventional weapons of war like we've never seen before being used by Putin—mega stuff.
I saw Turkey being involved to block the waterway to get into the Black Sea to defend and try to help with Ukraine in the things ahead.
I saw Russia annihilating Zelenskyy and doing the thing, and I saw above Ukraine in this area World War III really big across it, and I saw it go from all over Europe.
That's what I saw: Turkey taking over and making it where it was impossible to go into the Black Sea.
So, that's why I saw them controlling that to try to help Russia.
On December 2nd, we prayed for President Trump to have greater discernment concerning who he considers an ally in Syria. Look at this.
Trump is saying that this guy is going to be a great leader, but I told you he was very evil and he was a liar and he's two-faced against the decision that he made and the things he's saying to Trump.
For I saw the Islamic Brotherhood in his pocket, and he's buddies with them and Turkey in the days ahead with a great escalation of an Ezekiel 38 and 39 war concerning Israel.
This will be the front of Ezekiel 38 and 39, and this is what the Lord has warned us about.
So, he's right here and he is saying all this stuff and Trump's saying, "Oh, you're going to be a great leader.
We're going to de-escalate things."No, this guy's two-faced and he's an evil man and Trump needs to watch out for him. The same with MBS.
And this is when I saw Turkey coming against Israel in the days ahead with Syria because Syria will be struck and Damascus will become a ruinous heap.
I know they're talking peace and safety right now—we're going to de-escalate Gaza and we're going to do all these things, we're going to get the hostages back, and we're signing these things.
But I'm telling you, what I have seen in the spirit will be short-lived.
A great escalation. This will be the hook in the jaw with Russia and Iran and these others.
I saw when I told you I saw Syria and Damascus and the biological weapons that I've told you will come against Israel.
I saw Turkey coming to the defense of Syria, and they will be brothers because they didn't care so much that Iran was messed with.
But when Syria is messed with in the days ahead, they will all come to the defense.
Iran was an unwanted stepchild—like, "You know, we don't really care so much."There wasn't so much of an uprising concerning what happened back then.
Okay, I want you to look at October 8th. We hadn't even gone to war with Iran and blown them up yet.
I was seeing in the future and the Lord was showing me that there's going to be a major uprising with Iran.
I'm telling you it's coming. Do you see that? October 8th—it hadn't even happened yet. But I'm warning you about something that's coming.
I said they're going to have peace for a little bit of time, and after Israel struck Iran back last summer, I said there's peace for a little time, but it's going to be an uprising again.
It's coming again; there's more coming. And I warned you in October.
Hear it again. I'm just trying to tell you it's accurate. It's not flaky. We're not here to be flaky. I said it's coming again.
I saw it coming again: another escalation, but this time I said it's going to involve Turkey.
I keep telling you Turkey is going to come. They're doing something.
Okay, they said audio—they can't hear it. Yeah, they can. This is when I saw Iran was messed with.
But when Syria is messed with in the days ahead, they will all come to the defense.
Iran was an unwanted stepchild. Like, you know, we don't really care so much.
There wasn't so much of an uprising concerning what happened back in the 11-day—was it 12-day war?
It wasn't a lot of—but I'm telling you what I saw coming for Syria.
When this happens, you're going to see the Arabs rise up and they're going to be very upset.
I saw troop ground invasions with the red hats coming against, and I saw an uprising.
This is what I told you: World War III. I saw Turkey beating their drums.
I saw all these things coming. These were visions I had over three years ago.
There I see Turkey. I see Syria. I see a battle plan between the two of them.
Turkey is rising up secretly with Syria. They're becoming friends—a greater friendship.
It's the brotherhood. They're beating their war drums. I've warned you before.
Ezekiel 38 and 39 is standing at the door. This is concerning Israel.
Don't lose your focus. It's concerning Benjamin. Who will you save?
Who will you save? Trump: one, two, three. Who will you save?
We stretch you too thin. Who will you save? Who will you save?
Who will you save? You can't do all of them. To stretch you too thin for the enemy within.
We have infiltrated your land. This is even China. I see China has infiltrated the land.
There are secret cells even of China. There are not as big of cells of the Chinese as what there is with the others.
Little Kim is going to try to raise his head. He wants to be out of the sanctions and all this stuff.
He's going to try to jump in on this and he's going to become a real—right now—real...
you know, that's what it's about, his life. It is because he wants to flex because he has nuclear.
That's why he called him a social pariah, remember? And nobody wanted to deal with him.
But he's like a—he's—because he has what he has. Remember, I see it again: he's having the meetings.
Putin, Xi Jinpin—they're all talking—and Iran. They're ticked off about what happened with Venezuela.
This is all because of Venezuela. Do you hear what I'm saying?
Okay, so if you listen to what the Lord was saying here, this is January 4th.
They just invaded Venezuela the night before on the 3rd, and the Lord was warning that Xi Jinpin and Kim Jong-un were going to have a meeting.
They're going to have a meeting and he wants to offer him a truce, like a friendship. The Lord said they're going to have a truce.
There's going to be a friendship here, and he will flex his arms in the days ahead and he will be a social pariah.
You will watch Kim Jong-un rise up with China in the days ahead.
Watch this. The Spirit of the Lord said this on January 4th. Okay. Then Putin and him are having a meeting.
I say, 'Watch what they do.'Now, play it again, because I want to paint the picture where we are right now in June.
Okay, go ahead. I'm watching them. They're all talking. I can see them; they're talking.
Chatter. I see Kim talking. It's about Venezuela. They want to use him as a pawn.
Kim: tactical. Remember the barge? Remember the barge, USSR?
Remember the barge? That's what the Lord—USSR. You see way in the future.
He gives you way in the future. Watch Homeland Security. Watch the barges on the Mississippi River.
I'm talking to you; I hope you're listening. I know you are. Watch the barges even in the summer months on the 250th year.
Watch the barges coming down the Mississippi. It's about North Korea—USSR on the Mississippi River.
But that's even more so before that. But it's a plan. They're ticked off because of their plan.
Do you hear me? I'm listening. It's because of the BRICS. You weaken the BRICS.
You see, they wanted him for the oil and for financial stuff.
And when they got that out and he did that, they're ticked off about that because it tries to put a kink.
Remember, to put a kink in the hose? I see the kink in the hose.
This is to put a kink in the hose concerning Venezuela, concerning the BRICS.
I'm in the Spirit on this, y'all. I've seen all this so clearly.
Yeah, it's to affect the dollar. It's about the affecting of the dollar.
And they are all—it's North Korea and they're all the BRICS.
So they want to form that, and they're ticked off because of what happened in Venezuela.
Right here on Turkey, from here over there, there were these massive drums, and they were all these humongous drums beating.
They were just boom, boom, boom, boom. And I said, 'Lord, what are they doing?'And he said, 'They're going to join in and make ties. They're going to make some kind of financial agreements.
There are going to be things happen with them going in with Russia, and they're going to join in on the fight to help them, fund them, and do things, and it's going to escalate even further.'And so this thing got out of control.
And so then I was shown Israel and Iran and these other countries were all coming against Israel.
July 1st, 2023. That's when I first saw it. And then the Lord gives more and more and more.
That's it. Okay. Now my glasses. They say you look younger now.
I look younger? Yeah, that's what they say. It's not Botox; I'm definitely older. I feel older.
Go ahead with Kim Jong-un has a dinner with Xi Jinpin for the first time in seven years.
But Kim Jong-un doesn't have dinner with anybody. And they show him having a private dinner last night with Xi Jinpin.
And everybody's freaking out about it, going, 'They're having a private dinner with wives, like friends.'And I said, 'Watch what Xi Jinpin does in the days ahead.'You heard it with Kim Jong-un.
They will try to form an alliance. And here they go, having the dinner and they're hanging out.
Let's be buddies. Fist bump. Boom, boom. This is here. See them all?
It's actually really pretty. It looks like a wedding. Can you play it?
So what the Lord showed us back then is manifesting on this TV now.
I mean, they're hanging out. They're having dinner. It's just him and him. And I said, 'Watch him.
They will form an alliance.'Now, what the Lord showed us as you watch that: He said, 'Remember USSR?
I saw a barge coming down the Mississippi River with a device on this barge that had a makeshift floor that raised up, that had it—it was an EMP that was shot off out of the Gulf of America and went over our nation and did not get high enough.'And the Lord said, 'Watch the summer months.'And he said, 'Pray against this, for it will not be China; it will be North Korea.'And I saw them hiding on a barge and they shot this rocket off over Kentucky and it's hot.
It was hot. I saw the sycamore leaves. I had great detail. This is whenever I was talking to somebody that was in government; they called about that one.
But here we are. The event is taking place that the Lord told us.
The Lord told us to pray about this meeting. I said, 'Watch the summer months.'Do you remember that?
I said, '250 years.'We are in the summer. 250 years. I said, "Watch the summer months.
Watch about the time of the harvest. It will be an oat harvest.
They're going to pretend to go get grains up the Mississippi River, but there is a rocket in the boat."And I said, "Watch the summer months.
They'll have a meeting."And I give all glory to God, ladies and gentlemen.
But I'm trying to tell you this is the urgency of the hour of praying.
And this is why we're here. It's not to—well, Brandon, look at that.
I'm trying to tell you something. We must pray. Look at them.
They're breaking dirt, planting trees together. I said they will have a meeting.
It's in the video, January 4th. See them? They're planting trees. They're having fun together.
I said they'll build an alliance and Putin will be around the side and then Turkey will rise up and he said, "We will stretch you too thin, Trump."I heard them and I said Kim was sitting in a chair and he was sprawled out over this chair and they were feeding him cheese squares.
Young teenage-looking girls were feeding him cheese squares and wine.
And he was sitting in a chair that looked like a Lazy Boy, but it was nice.
Really beautiful plush chair. And women were feeding him cheese.
Don't know why he was eating cheese, but he was eating cheese.
It looked like cheddar and he was sitting in his chair and he was talking on the phone.
They were angry about Venezuela and they said, "We've got to come up with a plan."Because they were mad at Trump for ruining the BRICS, trying to come against the BRICS.
And I said, "Watch what they do."But they were eyeing Taiwan. They were eyeing Taiwan.
And he was asking him to help defend him against the United States.
And I saw a secret Pearl Harbor attack coming against Hawaii.
There's many things that I've seen, but this bothered me as I saw this because after Braden said, "Daddy, do you remember the word?"I said, "I don't know.
We pray so much, son, and the Lord revealed what I remember."And he played it back and I said, "Oh."And it all flashed back on me.
I remember every bit of it. January 4th, 2026—this year, the Lord's warned us about a meeting coming.
So, I hope the government is listening. We must watch our rivers.
You must pay attention to our rivers. The Lord said there's an enemy within.
Remember what he said? He said, "They have invaded your land.
Joe Biden let them in by the thousands."And it's not just Iran, it's China.
It's their secret cells, a red dawn experience as they leave. What was said in the meeting?
What was said about alliances as I saw North Korea going to aid Russia even greater too because he's tired of being underneath the sanctions.
He wants to come out of it; he doesn't want to be underneath the western boot anymore.
And I saw him trying to be removed out from underneath that western boot by being promised a future if he joins Russia and China: "We will bring you in and we'll bring you into the modern age.
America is the one that's held you back, but we will allow you to come with us."I heard them talking.
"You do what we tell you to do and we will bring you up out of these sanctions and all the stuff that's going on on you.
America won't hold you back no more. We'll bring you out of it."And Xi Jinpin was the one that was offering it.
And look, he's having a good time, huh? You got to let the elevator go to the top.
All right. So, here we go. And watch what happens when Cuba gets involved. I see surprise attacks coming from Cuba.
I see surprise attacks trying to hit Miami in the areas of Cuba with drones, things that are nasty.
And so the Lord said, "Pray against us."I saw it again last night.
If you're watching the video last night, we prayed. Now listen to what the Lord said.
What was amazing—and we want to give all the glory to God. Do you have Trump today?
Yes. What he said about the helicopter? They look like they're having a real good time.
Play it all. "Oh, when the war is over, it's coming down. I know you can't. It's going to come down like a rock.
And again, we're taking out millions—which I'm just announcing today for the first time—but we've been taking out millions of barrels of oil.
Every night took out oil. But now I'm going to tell you because they just figured it out.
So now that they figured it out, I can tell you. It was very hard for me. I wanted to say it so badly, but I didn't want to ruin it.
But millions of barrels of oil have come out, and that's why it's at 85, 90 dollars a barrel instead of 250.
But we have the greatest military in the world, the toughest military in the world, the just the best in every way.
Nobody even close. There's no military that's even close. I rebuilt it during my first term.
I'm using it now. When this conflict is over—Todd said, 'Please call it a conflict,'right?
As opposed to the word. He didn't like that word war, but it's sort of a conflict. It's a military operation.
When it's over, you will see oil drop to where it was before."He said oil should be over 200 to 250 dollars a barrel right now.
Yeah. He said it should go a lot higher. That's what the price—in my opinion, what I saw the spirit of the Lord showing me.
The oil would be over 200 dollars a barrel. And he even quotes it.
It's just the grace of God. Look at that. It's prayer. But I want you to hear about the helicopter.
Do you have it? Honey, it's not playing. It's okay. Don't worry about it.
They're waiting on us live. We'll play it again another night.
But I wanted to show the helicopter—what he said about the helicopter.
Now, I believe with all my heart, this is a result of our prayer.
This is a result of the people praying for our troops on a day-to-day basis.
This is a major thing that happened. And this didn't hit the media.
Now, I want you to hear what President Trump says about our helicopter and what was supernatural.
This is the hand of the Lord. And most people go, "How is that even possible?"Do you have it?
"I want to make sure I quoted you correctly. You said that now they will have to pay the price.
What did you mean by that specifically?""Well, we're going to be attacking them and attacking them very hard.""You're resuming bombing.""Yeah.
Well, based on a helicopter, I guess we have the right to do that.
You know, they shot down a very incredible machine. And at first they said they didn't do it.
Then they admitted they did it. Sort of easy because we have the bomb.
We actually have the bomb. Got very lucky that bomb didn't explode.
That bomb was lodged in the helicopter. It didn't explode. It was on fire, but it didn't explode.
See, those two guys, they knew how to fly, but they got very lucky.
And then we had the unmanned boat going very, very fast at speeds that you wouldn't want to go.
That's why it's unmanned, I guess, because nobody can go in that.
But they rescued. So both people are—fortunately the pilots are okay.
Now look, I've been working with Iran for—"Did you hear that?
A bomb hit it and didn't go off. It's stuck in the side of it. That's not normal.
Do you see the hand of the Lord watching over our troops? They should have exploded, but they didn't.
The Lord protected our men of service as they were flying the helicopter and the bomb did not go off.
That's the hand of the Lord, ladies and gentlemen. That's prayer right there working. That's why we're here, and that's exciting to me.
When I heard that, I went, "Oh, that's it."That should encourage you; people's lives were saved.
And so, President Trump, I think he's even shocked about it.
You know, that's not normal. Do you see? It didn't go off. It was on fire, he says, but it didn't go off.
It struck it. It stuck in the side, but it didn't go off. Why? Because the Lord, the angels, God's angel armies are by my side—the God of angel armies.
I mean, somebody shout amen. Somebody say hallelujah. That's a huge deal. Devil, you're a loser. Hallelujah. That's cool.
It's like, "Wow, Lord, you amaze me."Never lose the awe of God—that amazement of when God does something huge.
Even whenever you go, "Well, that don't make any sense,"it doesn't need to.
It's God. Look what God did. Okay, next. You have anything else, son? Well, we had to play this. You can play this.
Now, I don't agree with this; this actually annoyed me, quite frankly.
This is the attitude that I said has got to change. And Lindsey Graham, I think, God help him.
But, you know, whatever. Go ahead and play it anyway. This is what I said has got to change.
"Thank y'all. We won. So, I want to start with a bunch of thank yous. I want to thank the big guy, God. Trump comes later. Mr.
President, you're not far behind God, but we're going to start with him.
Thank y'all. We won."I don't think it's funny. I just go, "Okay."Did you even hear what he said?
Did they hear what he said? Yeah. What? It was kind of muffled then.
It wasn't as clear, but play it again. "Thank y'all. We won. So, I want to start with a bunch of thank yous.
I want to thank the big guy, God. Trump comes later. Mr. President, you're not far behind God, but we're going to start with him.
Thank y'all. We won."Well, that was clear. And they said that you're saying Pete is headed to Guantanamo. I need to get his workout program. Hey, he looks good. Yeah.
And then he said he's going to wait till tomorrow to strike them or something like that because he wants to see if he'll pick a deal.
Who? Trump. So he's not going to strike him yet until tomorrow.
Okay, tomorrow night. So tomorrow night, which is here in a little bit.
Let's see if he takes it. They ain't going to take a deal. They're going to have to glow in the dark before they take a deal, sir.
This is not a normal thing. This is about bringing forth the Mahdi.
They think differently. It's about bringing forth the Mahdi. They want the Mahdi to come.
This is what we saw last night when I told you I saw a darkness, and there was so much to last night.
If you did not watch last night's prayer time, go back and watch it. I don't have time to redo it; it was three hours.
But the prayer time was probably about an hour or so, whatever it was, an hour and a half. And it was Holy Ghost.
And I'm telling you, the stuff he was showing me about the black onyx and the land and what's coming with the king, and I saw George, the little boy, and I saw Kate, and there was a lot the Lord was showing us. We prayed.
I saw a moon upon the clock and then I saw the church bells going off and the Lord said, "The church bells are going to ring."And there was a darkness that was on our church and the church became alive and the glory of the Lord came on the churches.
I could hear the church bells ringing all throughout the land.
And the glory of the Lord was rising up on the churches as their bells were ringing, and it was beautiful.
And they were singing the song... oh, I heard the people in Europe were singing, "Whatever will be, will be.
The future is not ours to see."Yeah, Que Sera, Sera. And they were singing that throughout the land as they were taking their rights away.
I saw them singing, but then I could hear a choir in the church and I could see the glory on the church rising up.
And I saw the harvest and I saw a major harvest of souls through the church bells ringing.
There was so much to the visions last night, son, wasn't there? Yeah.
And then I saw a web being made all throughout Europe by Zelenskyy for war, and I saw he was a black widow.
So there was a lot to it. I saw the painted faces of the mimes yesterday or the day before? Yesterday. Okay.
I saw painted faces of mimes throughout Europe and then I saw these women in China that had painted faces that had kimono dresses on, and they were looking like this, and there were symbolic things happening.
And then this... oh, are you talking about this one? The song.
This is the song. They call it Handel's Messiah. So that was playing in the churches and the glory.
But I was so encouraged as I sat there last night and the Lord said, "There's much to see."I had to push through it.
It was like molasses. And then when you got on the other side of it, I didn't want to leave it.
I could have been there until 2 in the morning because when you get to that place, it takes a lot.
And then when you break forth and you see all that's about to happen and how close we are to the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ, there's so many people that think, "Oh, we have so long."No, no, no.
Things are ramping up and we are about to see some major things.
He kept saying shakings are coming. Major shakings are coming.
All right. It's good enough. You have anything else? Taiwan is launching rockets.
Okay. Taiwan is launching rockets. Is that it? Trump says, "What is that?"Is that the lady that was the traitor, right?
Trump says, "I love inflation."Now, I don't think he should have said that.
I think he just gets frustrated. He's tired and he needs to take a nap. Is that it? Launching rockets or something like that.
For the first time, Taiwan, they're saying for the first time Taiwan launched US-supplied HIMARS rocket systems into the Taiwan Strait.
God help those people. Okay, you go. It's good. How long was that?
40 minutes. Not too bad. Was there anything else? And then he was saying our message to Cuba is...
all right. And then there's an earthquake next to Hawaii. There's an earthquake next to Hawaii today.
Shakings all around. Shakings in Hawaii. It's amazing. All of a sudden, everybody's having these major earthquakes.
4.7. I wonder how many people felt that. I'm telling you, I saw secret meetings.
I think that in anyway we need to use all the opportunities to move to diplomacy.
I don't want to agree or disagree with President Trump because he has his own relations with Putin.
But I always said to him that I think that he can't trust Putin and today's Russia and all the circle of people, and we don't know if somebody can trust tomorrow's Russia.
We don't know who will be next after Putin. It depends. So, I always said to President Trump that Putin is lying.
He plays games with you, with the White House and with American society.
But God bless American society, they are a strong supporter of Ukraine. I think we support the Ukrainian people.
Just like everybody has bad governments, we pray for the people of Ukraine.
We pray for the people of Russia. The governments are bad on both sides, just like it's corrupt everywhere.
A lot of places. So it's like, what do you do? You just keep praying.
We know Jesus is coming. So I don't get all involved. I don't care about it.
I don't allow all that in when he's talking about high inflation or whatever he said.
I'm thinking, 'Well, yeah, it's probably easy to say when you live in the White House and you don't deal with everything like we do.'But it's interesting.
He's just tired. I just have to say he's tired. You have a hard day sometimes, you say stupid stuff, and you just have to pray for the man.
I know the pressure the Lord said he's under right now. I pray for clarity act happen.
I pray for the manifestations of this to really kick off for our revival.
A major revival is right on our heels. And the Lord said a great shaking to awaken is about to happen.
Last night, prayer was fantastic. I loved it. It was one of my favorite prayer times we've had in a long time.
When we finally got through it, it was a 10 out of 10 in my opinion.
I told Braden, and Braden said, 'Daddy, I haven't felt the glory in the house like that in a long time.'There's levels—you can feel it when it comes in.
And he said, 'I can feel it so strong'when he was sitting over there.
Sitting at His feet is just so refreshing. I just go, 'Ah,'to sit at the Father's feet.
Everybody has an opinion about how you should do things, but just sitting at His feet makes it all worth it when you just go, 'Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good.'War, plague, and famine all go together.
That's what He said. He kept saying the war, the plague, and the famine.
There's a major surprise distraction that's about to happen as they implement things.
You saw Big Ben going? I saw Big Ben in complete blackness with a full moon on the face.
And the Lord said, 'Pray for George.'I saw the devil had plans trying to mess with that little boy.
I guess he'd be a prince. And the Lord said, 'Pray for him.'I saw a pink ribbon wrapped around his mother. And the Lord said, 'Pray for her.'It was very serious.
And the Lord said, 'Pray.'I saw a plan of trying to groom that little boy, and it was a black thing that was trying to wrap that little child.
Pray for that little child, George, as a 17 or 18 year old boy.
I saw a spirit like Harry Potter—a demonic witchcraft spirit.
So, Father, we just thank You for all that You've done this week.
Lord, it's amazing watching. What is that, son? I'm trying to verify this.
New York is a... I don't know what that all is. So, Father, we just thank You. I don't want to be robotic.
I don't want my relationship where we take communion and pray to become a rut.
I break out of the rut. I don't try to be predictable in prayer. If it becomes predictable, it becomes boring.
You've got to break out of a boring cycle, so you make things fresh.
You can't allow your relationship to go stagnant just by doing the same thing, repeating the same thing, singing the same song, and saying the same prayer the same way.
Make your relationship fresh. I take communion because I do it before I go under; it's like going under anesthesia or something.
I take it as a covering because there's a lot of demonic stuff that tries to come against the watcher to snare them.
So you have to keep yourself under the blood, taking communion and watching over your eyes of the spirit.
Familiar spirits like to wreak havoc on it. Father, I thank You for Your body.
I take this body right now in Jesus'name and we give You all the glory, honor and praise, for You have made us whole.
We remember what You did for us over and over. Lord, we don't take it lightly. It is not a religious act; it's relationship.
Lord, we take the blood and I apply the blood of Jesus over me, over us, and over this time.
We press on the other side of this. We dip in the river tonight with You and we pray for our nation.
I make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of me. I cover my eyes, my mind, my body, my children, my wife.
We submit ourselves to God, resist the devil, and he will flee.
We apply the blood of Jesus over us and give You all the glory, honor, and praise for all that You continue to do as we apply the blood over us, Father, and over anything You want to show me, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
Amen. Thank You, Lord. It never loses its power. Holy Spirit, teach me to pray. Help me as I yield to You.
Flood their houses, their cars, and their places of work with Your beautiful presence.
We have much to see. You say, 'I hear them. There's no way for China or for North Korea to come down our Mississippi River.
We monitor it all.'I hear them talking. I see these two people talking right now about what I've said.
They are trying to... we must press into this. The Lord said, 'Where I'm seeing it, what's wrong with it is you're seeing it wrong.
It came in a container on a big boat into California. It came into California and then by truck into Denver.
It goes over the Rockies into Denver, all the way up to St. Louis.
Coleman, yes, you.'The Lord said, 'You can stop this. Hurry. This is not a big rocket.
It's tactical, less than eight feet.'They're getting help from somebody from the inside.
They're rogue. I see Canada. In the bus. It's about a plant on the Mississippi.
You must listen. Push over there, Braden. We've got to push.
This is serious. I've got to get higher. It's like a freight yard in St.
Louis, like a distribution center for freight. I see a hub in St.
Louis. I see shipping containers. It went from Denver to St. Louis. I see St.
Louis, and it came out of California and went in a truck in freight.
I don't know why I see St. Louis so big concerning this. It's St.
Louis; it's the arches. It is the harbor. It's the harboring.
Is it still there? I'm seeing a truck. Is it coming, Lord? I need to know.
Is it still there? Is this coming in the future? The bay. You'll hear it will be the bay.
It went in the bay. What is the bay? A shipping bay. It came in the bay on the coast.
It's east in the east. And then they say, 'Open the code.'There's a code to this.
In the dead of the day. It's interesting, and it's very clear. I see a bay. We thank you, Lord, for the angels.
We thank you, Lord, that the angels are walking on our behalf.
Thank you, Lord, for the angels. We give you praise, Lord, that the angels are helping us.
Thank you, Jesus, that you're working on our behalf. Father, we praise you.
You're working on our behalf. We thank you, Lord, that you're working on our behalf.
Thank you, Jesus. We praise you that you're working on our behalf.
At last, you're working on our behalf. Father, we praise you, God.
I see two police officers being wounded, and we pray for our police officers.
We thank you, Lord, that every one of them is in the right place at the right time.
No weapon formed against them would prosper. We apply the blood of Jesus over our police officers.
I thank you, Father, for our local sheriff's department, our local law enforcement, highway patrol, and Homeland Security over these King's rallies.
Every single police officer is protected. We pray for these two police officers and we call them protected in the name of Jesus in Miami.
We pray for Miami, for the police officers in Miami, for Boston, and for the cities.
We pray for New York and all the King's rallies. I thank you, Lord, for our police officers.
We thank you, Lord, for our FBI, Homeland Security, and the Secret Service. Thank you, Lord, that you protect every single person.
You give them supernatural wisdom on every single thing, foreign and domestic.
We thank you, Lord, that they have eyes to see what the Spirit of the Lord is going to show them and that they would have dreams in the night.
They would have visions and they would see how to keep us all safe at another level.
Holy Spirit, we ask you to flood their houses, their cars, and their places of work, and that they would have eyes to see and ears to hear what you're saying.
That they would know every plot, plan, and pursuit across this land from Canada to Mexico, from coast to coast.
Every plot, every plan across this land, foreign and domestic.
We thank you, Lord, that they protect us and they're doing their jobs well.
Thank you, Lord, that you protect them. A thousand shall fall at their side and 10,000 at their right hand.
We pray over ICE agents in Chicago and all our ICE agents. Father, I thank you, Lord, that you protect our ICE agents.
We protect President Trump. We bless him on his birthday. Father, we thank you, Lord, for his kids: Eric, Don Jr., Tiffany, Barron, and Ivanka, and even Kai.
We pray a hedge around them that no weapon formed against them would prosper.
Every tongue that rises against them, we condemn it. I pray over President Trump and his safety.
I thank you, Lord, that he's always in the right place at the right time.
We pray over Marco Rubio, JD Vance, and his family. I see a planned secret attempt on Erika Kirk.
We pray for protection around Erika Kirk in the name of Jesus.
I see this right now; it's the first time I've ever seen this.
We call an angel army, a wall of angel armies around Erika Kirk.
This is a crazy person from the far left, similar to what was about her husband.
But I see a plan, something coming out of an event. I'm trying to focus.
I come against every demonic spirit that tries to block my vision.
I bind you in Jesus'name. I see her face. It's in the night, like an event.
I pray a hedge around her. No fear, no weapon formed against Erika Kirk will prosper. I plead the blood of Jesus over Erika Kirk.
She's dealing with PTSD; there are demonic spirits that are tormenting her with PTSD concerning her husband, like flashbacks of trauma.
I thank you, Father, that you cover this woman in the blood. I put a hedge around Erika Kirk today.
No weapon formed against Erika Kirk will prosper. I apply the blood of Jesus over this woman, over her kids, her sleep, and her mind.
Every plot and plan coming against this lady, I plead the blood of Jesus over Erika Kirk. This is a very clear, strong vision.
The Lord said, 'I see Erika's faith.'The Lord said, 'Pray for her.'It is a far-left nutcase.
I take authority over that demonic spirit in the name of Jesus.
You cease the maneuvering right now. I hold the blood of Jesus against you. You stop it right now in Jesus'name.
It's another person that is in transition, a man that's trying to have blonde hair.
I see a man with blonde hair who has come in transition. This is a demonic spirit messing with this man.
Thank you, Lord, it's diffused and Erika Kirk is okay. Thank you, Lord, for peace over that lady.
Peace over her kids and their sleep at night. We call a spirit of peace over the kids, peace that passes all understanding over the children.
Peace over the kids. Sleep. Sleep. Sleep. Restful sleep. A sweet restful sleep over the children.
Quiet as a snowflake in the night. All the world is calm and peaceful.
All the world is bright and joyful, spirit of light and child of peace.
Love unending that shall not cease. Peace, my children. Peace be still. I thank you.
You know, when you have the Holy Spirit and you take on somebody's burden, you feel what they feel.
God gives you just a little taste of what they feel and how they're burdened.
The Bible says carry one another's burdens. You pray for them; you can feel it.
For that split second, I could feel it concerning that lady, and it's so gut-wrenching.
It makes you feel like you want to vomit: fear and torment. But the Prince of Peace, Silent.
That's it right there. Silent as the snowflake in the night.
Holy is the spirit of this night. All the world is calm and peaceful.
All the world is bright and joyful. Spirit of love and child of peace.
Love unending that shall not cease. Peace, my children of goodwill. Peace, my children, peace be still.
That's what I was hearing: Silent night, holy night, all is calm, all is bright.
Round yon virgin mother and child. Holy infant so tender and mild.
Sleep in heavenly peace. Sleep in heavenly peace. It's beautiful.
It's like a lullaby. It's talking to the kids. Jesus cares where you hurt.
Jesus cares about your pains. Jesus cares about your hurts and your sorrows.
When you don't think anybody cares and you feel all alone, he's the Prince of Peace, silent as the snowflake in the night.
Holy is the spirit of this night. All the world is calm and peaceful.
All the world is bright and joyful. Spirit of love and child of peace.
Love unending that shall not cease. Peace, my children of goodwill.
Peace, my children. Peace be still. Sleep. Sleep. Thank you, Father. We thank you for protection from head to toe.
Every plot, every plan, every pursuit, we thank you, Lord, that it falls at the feet.
We pray over President Trump and his family. We pray over my family, Father.
And I thank you, Lord. Every plot, every plan, every pursuit, you protect us.
Thank you, Lord. I love that peace. It's going to be okay. It's going to be okay. That's what I heard the Lord say. It's going to be okay.
You know when somebody cries and it's that ugly cry, I see it with Jesus in his arms—that crying where you can't get your breath because you're crying so hard.
I see Jesus holding her. I see Jesus. Jesus, that name above all names.
Thank you, Lord. He's so wonderful; he cares about all our pains.
There's so many of you that are dealing with pain inside like that, where you just don't know what to do and it feels like you're at the top, like whenever something just boils over because there's so much going on inside of you.
And the Lord wants to be that peace. He wants to be that peace.
It's okay, honey. He is the name that is above all names. Let's pray.
We're going a different direction because I see Iran right now and then, Lord, we're done.
Let's pray over President Trump and the Valley of Decision concerning Iran.
It's about the mountain and how Israel handles this. How is Israel going to handle this?
This is why Candace and them are over there in Israel right now.
This right here is what's about to happen over these next 24 hours, praying over his decisions.
How he handles this over the 24 hours.. I see Zelenskyy. I see this plane.
I see a storm over Europe still, but my goodness, there's so much going on.
As I pushed in, it was like I was flying in. It was coming in low.
I see a B2 bomber coming in low. I just love it, Father. I smell a fragrance.
You're welcome. Show me. I see one more round of healings. I see one more round. It's like one more circle.
The healings like Oral Roberts, Jack Coe, William Branham, Kathryn Kuhlman.
One more round. The greatest wave this world has ever seen before.
Have your own way, Lord. Have your own way. You are the potter, we are the clay.
Mold me and make me after thy will, while I am waiting, yielded and still.
That's it. I can see it. And when I came up to Israel, I could see it.
I went right over and I could see the prayers. Candace and them are all praying.
I could come up on it like it was stealth. And I came up out of it and I could see the prayers.
I'm telling you, God is going to show up and show off in a way that we've never seen before.
Have your own way, Lord. Have your way. Finances are coming.
Finances are coming for the projects. I see projects. Pastors are wanting finances for their projects.
I see new carpet in buildings. New paint jobs. Fixing up your place before this revival.
The finances are coming. You want it to look nice for what's about to happen.
And the finances are coming. The Lord said blessing and increase in unexpected ways. Don't put him in a box.
We think we're going to take up an offering at the church, but expect it even if a dog has to bring it in a brown paper sack on your porch.
Don't put God in a box. If he can pay for the taxes with a coin in the fish's mouth, he can do it for you.
Entertaining angels unaware. Angels on assignment in Africa.
You say, 'Well, it can come from nowhere.'That's what the Lord said.
He has a million and one ways to get you a million dollars. Think about it bigger. 'I need it for this building.
I need it for this.'Oh, but Father is a God that has more than enough for you, the God of more than enough.
Expect God to be more than enough for you, exceedingly abundantly above all that you dare ask or think in Africa, in South America, Asia, the Middle East—in poverty-stricken countries.
You say, 'Well, there's no resources,'but God is the God of resources. Same for America. You have to believe God.
But I'm telling you, when I'm seeing this in the foreign nations, God is the God of more than enough.
I believe with you. If he can take care of the fish with a coin in the fish's mouth, how much more can he take care of you?
If he did it once, he'll do it again. I want new carpet for my building, a new paint job, new everything for this revival that's about to take place.
Have an expectation for what God's about to do with the manifestations. It's not just America.
God is going to pour out his spirit upon all flesh in Africa, in Asia, in South America, in Europe, in Canada, Mexico.
It doesn't matter. You're going to see the Philippines and the islands.
Believe him for your manifestations and the glory around you.
Watch that. God's going to visit the islands. God's going to visit Jamaica.
Voodoo is going to look stupid. Watch what God is going to do in Jamaica.
That's what I'm hearing him say. Believe him for big in the Bahamas.
Believe him for big in Costa Rica. Believe him for big in Puerto Rico. Just believe big for Cuba.
I hear the Lord say God is going to visit the islands—Hawaii, the Philippines.
Watch what God is about to do. That's awesome. I get excited about it.
Dominican Republic, Madagascar. I feel the Holy Ghost on fire.
Expect your provision and it's not going to come like you've ever had it.
No, God's the God of suddenlies. If he has to, he'll use an angel.
Whatever I'm telling you, whatever you need, believe him for it.
You want a shuttle bus to bring the kids in off the streets? Believe God.
I believe with you. You want a bus to bring the kids into church? I believe with you. A van? I believe you.
A good van with air conditioning and a good radiator so it doesn't overheat and break down on the side of the road.
A bus to get the kids to Sunday school. Father, we thank you, Lord, for the bus right now in the name of Jesus.
I hear this—I don't know who this is—you're believing for a bus, but I'm believing with you. They want to come to church.
You want things for the kids, to pick them up in the bad parts of the neighborhood and bring them in, something to feed them when they get there.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that the workers and the harvesters are there for these Sunday school people.
Father, they have a vision and God, you are the God of the supply.
We call it in right now from the north, the south, the east, and the west: abundant supply in the name of Jesus so that they'll lack no good thing.
They'll have more than enough to get the job done with excellence in Jesus'name.
School curriculum—I don't know what that's about—a school curriculum.
You want to teach them. It's very clear; I see this abundant supply.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you're the way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness.
My God, that is who you are. You are way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness.
My God, that is who you are. Thank you, Father, that you're making a way for them tonight, providing a refreshing over them.
Praise the Lord. Way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness.
My God, that is who you are. You've got to believe it. He is the way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness.
My God, that is who you are. He's a way maker, a promise keeper, and he's going to take care of you tonight.
I believe there's an expiration date to everything you've been believing for.
Suddenly, he's coming to you mentally, emotionally, physically, financially.
Suddenly, he's coming to your house. He's a miracle worker, a promise keeper, light in the darkness.
He's my God; it's personal. Father, you're the God of the breakthrough.
I see a flood of finances and abundant supply for your people tonight.
A great, mighty move of the Spirit of the Lord is here. It's time. He'll multiply it like the fishes and the loaves.
He'll multiply it like the wedding feast at Cana where he turned the water into wine.
If he did it once, he'll do it again. Don't put God in a box. Hallelujah.
Thank you, Father, for President Trump. Thank you, Lord, that you protect him tonight.
We believe, Father, that you rebuke the devourer for us and that he sleeps tonight.
Whatever's keeping him up at night, God, let him sleep so he doesn't sleep on the job whenever he's at a game or something where they have to criticize him.
Thank you, Lord, that he gets good restful sleep. What would normally be five hours of sleep, let it be like ten hours.
Double it through his flesh like you did with Moses. I ask you, God, to let him have a visitation from you tonight.
Touch President Trump, touch his marriage, and bless Melania.
We pray for President Trump's marriage and ask you, God, to make it good and fresh, breaking down walls.
Thank you, Lord, there is peace and joy over Barron, and Father, that he'll find you.
Same with Ivanka, same with Tiffany, Eric, and Don Jr. We pray for a revival in that family in Jesus'name.
We call healing over Vanessa, Don Jr's ex-wife. Breast cancer is gone and it's not in the bone.
We call healing over her body and thank you, Lord, that she's delivered and whole.
Those kids will not be alone; everything's going to be okay.
We pray over President Trump's birthday and the games and the World Cup starting tomorrow, the 11th, in Los Angeles.
I believe I could keep pushing for three hours, but it's not necessary.
You can watch yesterday's video and we'll be back to keep interceding for the nations.
I tried to pray more and not talk so much today, but there's always a river to flow down.
I'm just thankful for every single one of you showing up every day to pray with me.
Many hands make light work, and I appreciate every single one of you. I am so grateful for you.
The pressure that I tried to tell you all about yesterday is that when you lead, there's something so different than leading in a prayer group.
When you're leading and you feel the pull, it's like a boat anchor.
It's like when you see those big massive chains and you're pulling it up out of the water, and the anchor is massive on a huge boat like a big cruise ship.
It's like pulling a chain; you're pulling in the spirit realm. I can feel it because we're praying for the nations.
It's not just like, 'Well, Father, I think you're praying for my family and you're showing me things around.'This is corporate; I can feel it when it comes out.
Whenever the Lord spoke last night, He said, 'Push.'I could hear Him; He was audible: 'Push, push, push.'I knew what He was saying: 'You've got to push above this; you've got to go above the hill.'And that's what He's doing tonight.
I told her, I said, 'Pray.'I can feel when my wife's helping me pray. You could push above it.
There are things He wants to show you; there are things that need to be uncovered.
Hallelujah! For many hands make light work. Isn't that wonderful? We're all a body, moving together.
We're here tonight and we're so thankful for every single one of you.
It just turned midnight in Central America. God bless you all. We love you. Enjoy your Thursday and we'll be back with you.
We'll keep praying, keep believing, and doing what we're called to do, one soul at a time, all doing what Jesus has called us to do, pushing and marching forward.
Soldiers, thank you for being here. Remember: put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you. God bless you and we'll see you again. Bye-bye.